Resnet (#15770)
huggingface/transformers: docs/source/index.mdx

1. **[REALM](https://huggingface.co/transformers/model_doc/realm.html)** (from Google Research) released with the paper [REALM: Retrieval-Augmented Language Model Pre-Training](https://arxiv.org/abs/2002.08909) by Kelvin Guu, Kenton Lee, Zora Tung, Panupong Pasupat and Ming-Wei Chang.
1. **[Reformer](model_doc/reformer)** (from Google Research) released with the paper [Reformer: The Efficient Transformer](https://arxiv.org/abs/2001.04451) by Nikita Kitaev, Łukasz Kaiser, Anselm Levskaya.
1. **[RemBERT](model_doc/rembert)** (from Google Research) released with the paper [Rethinking embedding coupling in pre-trained language models](https://arxiv.org/abs/2010.12821) by Hyung Won Chung, Thibault Févry, Henry Tsai, M. Johnson, Sebastian Ruder.

> 1. **[ResNet](model_doc/resnet)** (from Microsoft Research) released with the paper [Rethinking embedding coupling in pre-trained language models](https://arxiv.org/abs/1512.03385) Kaiming He, Xiangyu Zhang, Shaoqing Ren, Jian Sun.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. **[ResNet](model_doc/resnet)** (from Meta Platforms) released with the paper [Deep Residual Learning for Image Recognition](https://arxiv.org/abs/1512.03385) Kaiming He, Xiangyu Zhang, Shaoqing Ren, Jian Sun.
```

|            Realm            |       ✅       |       ✅       |       ✅        |         ❌         |      ❌      |
|          Reformer           |       ✅       |       ✅       |       ✅        |         ❌         |      ❌      |
|           RemBERT           |       ✅       |       ✅       |       ✅        |         ✅         |      ❌      |

> |           resnet            |       ❌       |       ❌       |       ✅        |         ❌         |      ❌      |

Author: I think the `add-new-model-like` is using the `identifier` and not the model name (same in `resnet.mdx`) :)

> |           resnet            |       ❌       |       ❌       |       ✅        |         ❌         |      ❌      |

Reviewer 2: This is not generated by `add-new-model-like` but by what you put in the ConfigMappingNames ;-)
